Add details about package installation via webUI (#1480)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-packages-on-a-host.adoc

[id="Installing_Packages_on_a_Host_{context}"]
= Installing Packages on a Host

Use this procedure to review and install packages on a host using the {ProjectWebUI}.

> The list of packages available for installation depends on the Content View and Lifecycle Environment assigned to the host.

Reviewer: I'd rather say that it depends on the activation key(s).

the AK depends on a CV, LE, and subscriptions.

Reviewer 2: It's more accurate to say it depends on the host's content view and lifecycle environment.

Activation keys only affect the host at registration time. CV and LCE can change at any time after registration, therefore affecting the packages available for installation.

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts* > select the host you want to install packages on > click *Content* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts* and select the host you want to install packages on.
```

> . On the *Content* tab, click *Packages* > click the vertical ellipsis icon next to the upgrade button, and select *Install Packages*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Content* tab, select the *Packages* tab.
. On the vertical ellipsis icon next to the upgrade button, click *Install Packages*.
```

Author: This definitely looks way better! Thanks!

> . A window showing a list of packages available for installation on the host will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Select the package or packages that you want to install on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Install packages* window, select the package or packages that you want to install on the host.
```

. Click *Install*.

> By default, the packages will be installed using remote execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the packages are installed using remote execution.
```

[id="Installing_Packages_on_a_Host_{context}"]
= Installing Packages on a Host

> Use this procedure to review and install packages on a host.

Reviewer 3: I'd replace this line with something like:
`You can review and install packages on a host using the {WebUI}.` -- sorry, I don't remember the variable name exactly :D

Reviewer: `{ProjectWebUI}`: see https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L84

The list of packages available for installation depends on the Content View and Lifecycle Environment assigned to the host.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts* and select the host you want to install packages on.

> . Navigate to the *Content* tab > *Packages* subtab.

Reviewer: Unsure about using "navigate" again (which we generally don't) and "subtab" which I've only found two other instances in Foreman documentation. Maybe reword?

. Click the vertical ellipsis icon next to the upgrade button, and select *Install Packages*.
. A window showing a list of packages available for installation on the host will appear.
. Select the package or packages that you want to install on the host.
. Click *Install*.

By default, the packages will be installed using remote execution.

> For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.
```
